Doc: Cookie (#974)
zio/zio-http: docs/website/docs/v1.x/dsl/cookies/index.md

# Cookie

> **ZIO HTTP** `Cookie` is designed to use HTTP [cookies](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies) easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**ZIO HTTP** has special support for Cookie headers using the `Cookie` Domain to add and invalidate cookies. Adding a cookie will generate the correct [Set-Cookie](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Set-Cookie) headers
```
